Data Analysis:
NoCode- Power BI- PL 300: Power BI Data Analyst 
SQL - Power BI + SQL DW- DP 500: Enterprise Data Analyst
NoCode- Looker - Looker Data Analyst, LookML Model Developer
PySpark/Scala/SQL- Databricks- Certified Data Analyst 

Data Engineering:
Microsoft Azure Data Engineer-Associate
Databricks Certified Data Engineer 
Google Cloud Certified Professional Data Engineer
Kubernetes- Architect Certification 

Data Sciences:
Microsoft Azure Data Scientist Associate
Microsoft Azure AI Engineer Associate 
Databricks Certified Data Scientist
Google Cloud Certified Professional Machine Learning Dev
TensorFlow Developer 

In Azure Machine Learning:


4 types of infrastructure options:

1. Compute Instance- single machines
        1. Use cases
                    1. Data cleaning, simple ETL, running notebooks
                    2. Very simple ML (like scikit learn)
        2. Where not to use:
                    1. When you want a good ML model, not just a quick and dirty one 
                    2. Neural networks 
                    3. Big data 

2. Compute Clusters- distributed machines with fault tolerance and HIGH RESOURCES/Performance!
        1. Use cases
                    1. Almost everything :) unless you want Spark or a customised infra
                    2. TRAINING the model only
        2. Where not to use
                    1. Almost nowhere :) unless you want spark
                    2. Deployment of the model

3. Kubernetes - distributed machines with High Availability and fault tolerance
                1. Where to use:
                        1. Deployment of model containers
                        2. To build distributed pre-trained model pipelines- KubeFlow (Databricks- MLFlow)
                2. Where not to use:
                        1. For Dev/test - we have special arrangements exclusive to azure- where Kuberentes allows us to deploy just 1 machine in Non HA mode!
                        2. For full blown ML project training!

4. Attached Computing:
                1. Databricks, Synapse Analytics
                2. You want to use Azure ML components but infra could be either SQL pools or Apache Spark 
                3. Biggest benefit- is cost and speed! 
                                1. Saving cost by using existing big data infra!
                                2. Saving speed by avoiding mass data-movement between azure ML and big data services!
